What you have done is awesome.
You are now able to write and run programs using basic C plus plus.
In this lesson you learned how to compile and run a simple C++ program.
You learned how to send output to the terminal.
You learned about variables and containers,
including variable types, vectors, the auto keyword.
You also learned about functions on control structures, including conditionals,
loops, defining your own functions,
and then finally, you learned about data input.
So you are able to read data from a file,
and parse data, and process strings.
You also learned about defining your own types with enums.
Along the way, you wrote code to read a maze from
a data file and you stored that maze in your program.
Then you printed that maze to output.
You defined your own types using an enum to add ascii character formatting to the output.
You now have the fundamental building blocks to write much more complicated programs.
Coming up in the next lesson,
you'll learn some of the data structures and algorithms
that the C++ standard library provides.
So you can add the additional step of
finding a path from the start to the end of the maze.
When you're finished, you'll be able to print
the output with characters to show that start,
end, the path steps.